
STEP 1: group the elements of x into [n/2] pairs of elements
"You start by grouping the elements into ([n/2]) pairs. If there's an odd number of elements, one element will remain
unpaired."

STEP 2: determine the larger of the two elements in each pair
"For each pair, determine which element is larger and which is smaller."

STEP 3: Recursively sort the [n/2] larger elements form each pair
"Recursively sort the larger elements from each pair. This forms the initial "main chain" or sequence."

STEP 4: Create the main chain and pend
"This step involves inserting the smaller elements (from the initial pairs) into the sequence formed by the larger
elements. The insertion is done to maintain the sorted order. The method of insertion is where the algorithm gets more
complex and involves using previously determined positions to minimize comparisons."

STEP 5: Generate the order of insertion use jacobsthal squence
"The Jacobsthal sequence (or a similar method) can be used to optimize the order of insertion for the smaller elements.
However, this is not a universally described step in all explanations of the Ford-Johnson algorithm. The key idea is to
minimize the number of comparisons needed to insert the remaining elements into the sorted sequence."

STEP 6: insert the lements of the pend into the main chain
"The remaining elements (the smaller ones from the initial pairs) are inserted into the sorted sequence of larger
elements. The insertion should maintain the sorted order, and the goal is to do this with the minimum number of
comparisons."

Additional Clarifications:
"Main Chain and Pend: The terms "main chain" and "pend" are not universally used in descriptions of the Ford-Johnson
algorithm. Typically, the algorithm is described in terms of sorting a subset of elements (the larger ones from each
pair) and then efficiently inserting the remaining elements into this sorted subset."

Optimization Goal:
"The Ford-Johnson algorithm aims to reduce the total number of comparisons needed to sort a list, making it more
efficient than straightforward comparison-based sorting algorithms, especially for lists where comparisons are
expensive."